my school inside Rotom III that's
recommendation
today announced it my brake run under D
tips are tagged
began
yes
we play
okay good
creamy by far
oh man
bring out a man bottle parts of the
treasure valley caution here chaparral
speed lane
got a very important announcement here
please pay attention a very important
announcement
for my for chevy duramax a white chevy
duramax plates 187 55 60 or a white
crown victoria 180w 775 listen up here
again there's a sick there's a lady with
a sick child eats to leave a white truck
chevy duramax with 18 plate 755 16 or a
white trim
bye please the movie eclipse
so if you didn't catch that Rebecca
white truck at a 4 by 4 70 duramax 18
plate 7 55 60 you are in the way of
somebody wanted to show you take your
time every Sunday 5boro general to the
sports a curve instrum bully whatever
rapidly and then it'd be a doll their
buses of you never know
that's 87 cars it's 87,000 else a flash
in the background
might be getting a truck driver here
ok
drug dear wasting no time with their
cars the fret and he's going to leave
this lab
other day
Oh
it's gonna put it in
things the chaperones playa
here chaparral Speedway big round of
applause as he brings a higher than 98
of Troy dare
I am rounding as I feel rounding out the
field he sees them all that's the 85 car
of Jeff Russell
jumpin Jimmy Hamilton gonna bring him
around to a flashy and inner c'est
parfait glass shattering